c:\users\alonb\source\repos\New New Shooter Game\New New Shooter Game\obj\Debug\New New Shooter Game.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alonb\source\repos\New New Shooter Game\New New Shooter Game\obj\Debug\New_New_Shooter_Game.Form1.resources
c:\users\alonb\source\repos\New New Shooter Game\New New Shooter Game\obj\Debug\New_New_Shooter_Game.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\alonb\source\repos\New New Shooter Game\New New Shooter Game\obj\Debug\New New Shooter Game.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\users\alonb\source\repos\New New Shooter Game\New New Shooter Game\obj\Debug\New New Shooter Game.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\alonb\source\repos\New New Shooter Game\New New Shooter Game\bin\Debug\New New Shooter Game.exe.config
c:\users\alonb\source\repos\New New Shooter Game\New New Shooter Game\bin\Debug\New New Shooter Game.exe
c:\users\alonb\source\repos\New New Shooter Game\New New Shooter Game\bin\Debug\New New Shooter Game.pdb
c:\users\alonb\source\repos\New New Shooter Game\New New Shooter Game\obj\Debug\New New Shooter Game.exe
c:\users\alonb\source\repos\New New Shooter Game\New New Shooter Game\obj\Debug\New New Shooter Game.pdb
C:\Users\Alon\source\repos\New New Shooter Game\New New Shooter Game\bin\Debug\New New Shooter Game.exe.config
C:\Users\Alon\source\repos\New New Shooter Game\New New Shooter Game\bin\Debug\New New Shooter Game.exe
C:\Users\Alon\source\repos\New New Shooter Game\New New Shooter Game\bin\Debug\New New Shooter Game.pdb
C:\Users\Alon\source\repos\New New Shooter Game\New New Shooter Game\obj\Debug\New New Shooter Game.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Alon\source\repos\New New Shooter Game\New New Shooter Game\obj\Debug\New_New_Shooter_Game.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Alon\source\repos\New New Shooter Game\New New Shooter Game\obj\Debug\New_New_Shooter_Game.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Alon\source\repos\New New Shooter Game\New New Shooter Game\obj\Debug\New New Shooter Game.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Alon\source\repos\New New Shooter Game\New New Shooter Game\obj\Debug\New New Shooter Game.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Alon\source\repos\New New Shooter Game\New New Shooter Game\obj\Debug\New New Shooter Game.exe
C:\Users\Alon\source\repos\New New Shooter Game\New New Shooter Game\obj\Debug\New New Shooter Game.pdb
C:\Users\Alon\source\repos\New New Shooter Game\New New Shooter Game\obj\Debug\New_New_Shooter_Game.GameEnd.resources
